KVM v11.3.3 release (#320)
giantswarm/releases: kvm/v11.3.3/release-notes.md

## :zap: Giant Swarm Release 11.3.3 for KVM :zap:

**If you are upgrading from 11.3.1 or 11,3,2 upgrading to this release will not roll your nodes. It will only update the apps.**

> This release includes a security fix from helm 2.16.8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release upgrades the chart-operator component to Helm 2.16.8, addressing a high severity security vulnerability identified in Go's `crypto` package.
```

> This release upgrades the chart-operator component to Helm 2.16.8, addressing a high severity security vulnerability identified in Go's `crypto` package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release upgrades the chart-operator component to Helm 2.16.8, addressing a security vulnerability identified in Go's `crypto` package.
```

Removing qualification, unless @stone-z classifies it better.
